Hi and welcome to the next video in our series. In this video, we're going to talk about mapping your APIs. And we're gonna talk about this because this is probably one of the most difficult things in API testing, and that is figuring out what to test. So some APIs have extensive documentation, but often you'll be trying to test API maybe it's an internal API, maybe it's a poorly document an external API, but whatever the case is you'll often be trying to test an API that has limited documentation. So in this case how can you figure out what to test in an API? So I want to challenge you to do something in this video. Don't just listen to this video passively, but actually go out and try this. I'm gonna give you some suggestions on ways that you can map your API. So whatever API, even your application as a whole, what you're testing right now, sit down, get out a piece of paper and actually follow along and try to do this, don't just passively listen to this try to map it out and figure out what services it has, what API is it has, what they provide. And if that feels overwhelming right now don't worry about it, that's actually what we're gonna get into in this video is figuring out how we can actually do that. So for the first thing let's talk about some sources of information. So we already touched on documentation, that's obviously a very important source of information, but I want you to think about this not just in terms of some external user documentation, but to think about this and what internal documentation might you have? What documentation might there be in user stories, or in other locations, perhaps some developer documentation that's local to your company somewhere on the local network in your company, some wiki, whatever it might be. There's often a lot of sources of documentation that aren't necessarily public-facing but that are still good sources of information for you as a tester to figure out what an API is supposed to do. Another great source of information are developers or architects, these are the people actually wrote the code, or are in that process of writing the code, and thinking about how to write the code. So if you go and talk to them you'll often find they have a lot of insight into what the API does and how it works. So another great source of information. And then of course there's the actual code, so if you have access to the API code itself, or even just UI code that calls the API and that use the API, you're often able to glean enough information from there to help you along the way to figure out some of the things that you need to know. And this could even be just in unit tests. So unit tests that call the code are often a good way to see how the code is meant to be used. Even struggles to read code but you'd be surprised just by looking at these things how much of a hint you can get at what an API is supposed to do. So these are a few sources of information, I'm sure you can come up with more, but take these, put them into practice, try to find out information about your API itself. But let's also talk about some strategies. So what are some things that you can do once you have this information? And the first one I've put here is drawing a map. And by that I don't mean drawing a map like you would a map of a country, but I mean actually kind of mapping out the different pieces of the application. So this might look like some boxes with lines between them, it might look like a mind map, it might look like something else, but basically you need some way of representing how the different pieces of the system interact with each other. And as those interaction points where you're gonna find that there's a lot of APIs that you are interested in and need to understand. So if you can kind of understand there's a piece of the system here, there's a piece over there, they're connected in this way, then you'll be able to get a better picture in your mind of what it is that you're actually testing when you're testing each part of the system. And then the next thing to do is once you have that map share it with other people. So show it, go to the developers, or to the architects, or to a senior tester on the team, or to product manager, to somebody who has some knowledge about this product and say hey listen this is what I think the product looks like, hooking together and working together what do you think of this? And you're gonna find that everybody you talked to has different ideas, they look at something like oh that's not right that doesn't go over there it goes over here. And by doing that you will find a lot of information about different perspectives and things that you've missed, or things you didn't understand, and you'll be able to fill in the map and make it a lot better and more accurate. And then the last thing I have here is to be okay with not knowing. So you're in a situation here, it's cloudy, it's fuzzy, it's very difficult, and you just don't know a lot of stuff, it's a frustrating place to be. But don't forget if you keep working at this if you keep trying if you keep learning just a little bit every day you'll get better and better, and before you know it you'll know a lot of stuff. And in this course we're gonna teach you a lot of stuff to help you with that. But be okay with not knowing in the moment. It's okay, just remind yourself that it's okay to not know. I've been there, I recently was working on a project where we had exactly that, it was a new thing for me, and Tyra Lee new project, whole new set of Technology and I really didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know what was going on, but I knew that I would figure it out, I knew that if I kept poking at it and work on it for a little while, maybe go do some other stuff come back, keep working on it, keep talking to people, keep investigating, keep digging in, keep googling, keep watching videos, keep learning, and sure enough within a few months I knew how the product fit together, I had a map in my mind that worked and helped me. So that's my encouragement, be okay with not knowing. So if you take these strategies, if you take those sources of information, you put this together, you'll be well on your way towards getting the skills that you need to be able to understand your system so that you can actually go in there and do some really good testing on it. So in the next video, we're going to talk about simple authentication using Postman, I look forward to seeing you there.
