One of the key things in testing is to figure out what the risks are, and so in this video I want to talk a little bit about some of the risks of using services and APIs. So one of the key risks that we have in API testing is the API changing. So there's a lot of risks that are specific to any testing that we do, but with API testing we need to consider the fact that the APIs can change. This is especially important if you're dealing with a third party API, so an API you don't have control over. What happens if the version changes? What happens if something goes on that you don't know about that causes the functionality of the API, or the endpoints or something like that in the API to change? So considering API changes is an important risk for us to think about when we're testing an API. Another one to think about is availability of an API. So APIs and the kind that we're talking about here in this course happen over the Internet. So you have an application that is calling the API over a network of some sort, typically the internet, and in that case what happens if the network goes down? What happens if you send an API call and for some reason it doesn't come back? What happens if you send an API call and it can't be sent? So thinking about the availability of the network and other factors around APIs is another important risk to consider. Another thing that we want to think about is the timing of responses. So what happens if a call is out of order? What happens if a call is really slow and it takes a long time to come back? And there's maybe a little overlap here with availability right, Network issues can cause things to be slow, but we need to think about what happens if one calls fast and another call is slow, and the calls come back in a different order than we might expect. So that's another risk that we need to think about with API testing, what is the timing of the responses? What happens to the speed of the responses? And what happens to the order that the responses might come back in? Another one to consider is performance. Now the reason we want to think about this carefully with APIs is that APIs are called programmatically. So we call them with code, and that means we can very easily, sometimes accidentally maybe on purpose, send a lot of calls in the short amount of time. So we need to think about how well does our server handle getting a lot of calls in a short amount of time? How well does it scale as the calls increase? How well can the API handle it the various parts of the API, is there areas where we run into throttling problems, or where we have issues keeping the performance at the speed that we needed to be? So performance is another important consideration to think about when we're testing an API. And the last one I have here on this list is security. Now security is important anywhere right, security is just an important part of testing in today's world. Wwe all know what happens when data breaches occur in a company, and so we need to think carefully about security. Once again we need to think about this especially in the API context, because it can be called programmatically. So once again that makes it easier for hackers to get into it, to experiment with it, and to find out laws that there might be. So security is another core part of the risks of an API, and in this course we can't get into too much depth on security, but it's something to at least keep in mind that to think about when you're testing an API. There of course a lot of other risks that it comes to, and some risks that might be specific to the particular API that you're testing, and so I want make sure you take the time to think about this for yourself. What risks are there in the area that you're testing? This list here is a starter list, this is a list of things that are fairly common to a lot of APIs, but there might be things you want to consider in your own testing as well. So that brings us to the end of this section. In the next section we're going to start look at getting more hands-on with API testings. And so in the next video, we're gonna walk through the install and setup of some API testing challenges that will help you learn this topic in an interactive manner.
