Hi and welcome to this video on using simple authentication with Postman. So some APIs are public and they allow anyone to interact with them, but in many cases actions will be restricted by authentication authorization. So in order to interact with an API you will often need to authenticate yourself in some way. There are a number of different ways that this can be done, and often approach taken will vary from one API to the next, so you'll need to figure out what the API that you're testing offers. But we'll quickly highlight in this video a few of the common options, that you know have an idea of how to approach this topic. So if you're working with a public API, a common way to get access is through something called a personal token. These are tokens that you can easily generate within an application, and they make it easy to get programmatic access to the API. So these tokens can be set up to restrict things in different ways and they're quite popular. Let's take a look at a real-life example of this. So we have here GitHub, and in GitHub we can go to the settings, and then we can scroll down here to developer settings, we'll click on that and then we can add a personal access token. So let's create or generate a new token, we'll give it a name we'll just call it test for now, our test off token sure we'll call it that, and then we'll go down here we'll give it delete repo permissions. That says this token is allowed to delete repo. And let's generate that token, and we'll go ahead and copy it, and then we'll go over to Postman. And in Postman you can see I've set up a delete call here to delete a repo. But first let's try it with no auth, so there's no authentication or authorization set up, and let's see what happens. So we'll send that command and we get this message back, you must have admin rights to the repository. Ok so we don't have the correct permissions. So now let's try to use our token and see what happens. So we'll go down here we'll choose bearer token, and we'll just paste in the token that we copied. And now let's take a quick look just at what's going on here. So let's preview the request, so we'll preview it. Now we can see it's added this little headers thing, let's go look at that. And here in the headers we have an authorization key, and then it added bearer in front of the token that we had. Now Bearer just tells us that we're using something called OAuth, it's just a way of letting the server know what kind of token this is so that knows what it's doing, and then this authorization header is what tells the server that we're looking at the authorization here. So we've got everything set up, and let's actually send this command and see what happens. And now we don't get the permissions area anymore, we have this 2a4 know content, that means the content has been removed and our command was successful. And so we can see that it's pretty easy to set things up in the case of GitHub, and a lot of other APIs will have this kind of functionality available for you. So that is one simple way that you can do authorization, is if you have a token you can just add the token in as a bearer token, other options - you might use oauth2 which is very similar we could have used the same access token here in oh oh ah -. And then another option that you might see sometimes is basic auth, and basic auth is kind of like it sounds right, we just give our username and our password, and then we can authenticate and authorize against those. So by setting these up it allows us to be able to send the commands that we want to the server, and do things that require authorization or authentication in order to do. Now this is just a really quick overview of authorization and how to approach it, but fortunately for us Postman abstracts away a lot of complexity of this, there's actually a lot of complexity going on behind the hood here. But hopefully then if you're using Postman it won't be too difficult to figure out authentication with the API that you're working on. And that brings us to the end of this video. In the next video, we'll talk about some of the risks that there are around using services and APIs, hope to see you there.
