Hello and welcome to the first section of this course. In this section we're gonna talk about getting started with API testing, and dive right in. Here we're going to learn a little bit about understanding web services and APIs. So you may have heard the term web services before, her talk about a service-oriented architecture, or maybe your company is even moving towards us, but what exactly is meant by this? It can be hard to pin down exactly what we mean, but for the purpose of this course we want to think about how we can test web services, and so we're going to think of them as being functions that we can access over the web. Now let's think about that definition for a minute, and think in particular about the implications that has for testing. And so to do that I want to take a step back into something that I learned in grade school when the concept of a mathematical function was introduced to me, and don't worry we're not gonna get into any deep math here or anything. But we can think about it in this way, a function takes in some input, it does something with those inputs and then it produces some kind of output. So when thinking of it in these terms, we can think of the web service as this little black box here in the middle. We give it some inputs, the web service takes those inputs and does something with them to produce outputs that we want, and so these inputs and outputs define something that we call an API. So we can think of an API as a definition of what commands the service will accept from us, the inputs, and what kinds of things it will produce for us, the outputs. So these of course are not the only kinds of inputs and outputs that you might have in a service, there could be a database behind the scenes, or some other code, or logging, or things like that that we don't have access to through the API, but in this course we're going to be focusing on what you can figure out about this black box here in the middle by using the API calls. So let's make this just a little more concrete, and we can see here that I've got a URL in Postman, and I've got something called GET. So we're going to get this URL, and let's just send that command. Now you can see that we've gotten back a whole bunch of stuff down here, and this is in something that's called the JSON format. So before we get into what JSON is, let's just talk for a minute about what we did here. So we have this URL which is an API call, so we're telling the API at GitHub.com that we want to get user 1. And we said we want to GET it, we send that URL to the GitHub API and we tell it that it's a GET call. GitHub will return us a whole bunch of information about user 1. And so you can see the power of doing something like this, it's very simple, it's very straightforward, it's a simple command that we can execute to give us back this information. And as I said before, this gets us back the information in a JSON format. And JSON is just a way of mapping keys to values, so it's a dictionary, map, whatever term you prefer, but it takes a key like login and maps that to a value like 1. And you can see here there's a whole bunch of different information that is mapped to different keys. And so if we think about this we can see maybe why it's helpful to think of our services of black box. All we did here was provide a very simple input, just this URL and the fact that it was a GET request, and we turned we got this whole object full of rich information and data for us. But we have no idea about the implementation details, like what kind of database they used, what kind of programming language it was written in, how they pull all this data together, where they're getting it, maybe it's from multiple databases, we don't know. All we know is that if we give this URL and this GET command to the GitHub API, we'll get back a summary of the information about that user. And so when we think of it in this way it helps us to abstract the way underlying details, and to focus on testing it as a black box. And that's it for this video. So in the next video we're going to be talking about mapping your APIs, and I hope to see you there.
