So now that you know a bit more about GET calls and how to approach tests of them, I want to give you a hands-on testing challenge. So in this video I'm gonna introduce this find the secret testing challenge, and we're gonna put what we've been learning into practice. There's nothing quite like doing something for helping you to learn it. So for this challenge you'll need to have followed the instructions on the install and set up the API challenges video, so that you have everything ready to go. Aand as I said this challenge is called find the secret. So I'm gonna switch over to the command prompt here, and if you navigate to this directory at the command prompt, and if you want to change directories in a command prompt you can just use CD and then put the directory name and you'll change directories into there. So we assume that you've changed directories and you're in the directory where you've checked out the challenge. Now to start up the challenge we just call node, and then we call the server name that were interested in. So in this case we're gonna do find the secret server a s, and then we'll hit enter to start that server up. And now we can see it tells us it's running and it is set up on localhost 3000. So we'll copy that, and we'll take it over to Postman and put it in Postman. And then I just want to show you what I'm looking at here, so we'll go to profile and we'll do slash one, so we'll look at profile one, and we'll send this request to the server that we have, and you can see it returns an unauthorized. So for this challenge this profile is a hidden profile, you're not authorized to see it, but there is a way that you're able to still see it even though you're not supposed to be authorized. So for this challenge you need to poke around at this API and try and figure out what that way is. Now to help you along the way there's some documentation available, and it's on the GitHub repository where you got the challenges from. So on my username slash API testing challenges, and if you scroll down here there's some documentation. So we can click on find the secret, and it shows us the documentation that available, tells us what the problem is that we're trying to solve, and then shows what routes we have available. So you can do GET on blog posts on comments and profiles, and as well as on individual items for each of those. And then there's also these relationship items here, so you can do parameters as we talked about in the last video, you can embed comments here like this, you can also expand use expand to include parent resources. So with these commands you should be able to find a way to get that secret profile. In the next video, we're going to walk through the solution to this challenge and show you how I went about solving it. But before you do that really take the time, try this out, try to figure it out because part of the process of learning something is actually trying it. So I'd really encourage you don't just look at the solution video without trying it first. And when you're doing this, just use API commands to figure it out, the you have access of course of the server code and stuff like that, but try just exploring the API with the commands that you're given in the documentation I showed, to see if you can figure out a way to get that hidden profile, have fun.
