Hi and welcome to the next section of our course. We're going to talk about hands-on API testing and how to get started with it. As we go through this course, we're going to be learning a lot of stuff but I don't want you to just listen to what I'm saying, I want you to actually try this stuff out. Don't just follow along, but actually sit down and try it and do it. So to help with this I've created a few testing challenges that can be used to practice some of the things that we're talking about. To get started with these challenges you'll need to download our small repository from GitHub. If you already have it on your computer and are familiar with it, go ahead and do that the way that you normally would if you don't have git, I would suggest that you download and use the GitHub desktop. So the GitHub desktop makes it fairly easy to download and use different repositories. So we can see that I have here the API testing challenges set up on this, but if you don't have it you can go ahead and get it from desktop GitHub.com. If you go to that site you can download it and follow along with the install, I won't walk you through that as that's pretty basic stuff, but install it, set it up, it's very straightforward to do. Once you've got it installed and set up locally, you'll need to actually get the repo downloaded. So the way to do that in GitHub desktop is to go to file, cloned repository, and we'll go to URL here and we'll put in the URL that we want to download, so in this case we'll start with HTTPS colon slash slash GitHub.com, and it's on my personal GitHub so DJ Wester, and it's called API testing challenges dot git. Now I've already got this set up on mine so I'm not going to clone it, but once you've done this you just hit the clone button and it will go ahead and download everything that you need and clone it into whatever folder you've chosen here, so we could choose API testing or some other folder that you have on your computer. Once it's downloaded and cloned onto your computer, we're still going to need to install it. So to do that we're going to use something called NPM. If you don't have MPM you can see the NPMJ s comm / get - NPM, go to that site and you can very easily download and install NPM from there. Once you've done that you'll just need to open a command prompt, and let's navigate into the folder where I have it, so API testing and then API testing challenges. And now that we're in here we'll need to install things. So we can do that with NPM that you should have installed, and we just NPM install, and what that will do is install all the dependencies and everything that you need to be able to run the testing challenges. I'm not going to do that at this point because I've already installed it, but all you have to do is type NPM install and then hit enter and it will install all the dependencies and packages that you need to be able to run the challenges. And now you should be ready to go with the API testing challenges. So thank you for following along, and see you in the next video where we'll talk about testing GET requests.
