Welcome to this video on testing GET requests. GET requests are probably the most common requests you'll see. You might think they're pretty easy to test right? You send a request to the server that you get back what you asked for, but right there is one of the challenges already. How do you know what you should get back? What do you do if you get something unexpected? Did you send the request in the wrong format, or did the service or API do something wrong? Well there's a number of heuristics we can use when exploring something through an API, but instead of just talking about them let's look at an example. So we'll use this site here, SW API Co and it's got the Star Wars API for us, and so we can scroll down here and we can see that we've got the result of people slash 1 showing here. So we have Luke Skywalker, and we can see some information about him, and where he lives, and so on. So let's use heuristic here, let's check planet slash 1, so we have people slash 1 but instead let's put in planets slash 1, and we'll send that request. And when we get back here is some information about this planet. And so if we go down and look in the resident section here, we can see that people slash 1 is in that planet, as we would expect. If Luke lives on this planet then he should be one of the residents of this planet, and so what we've done here is a check for consistency. So if there's a relationship between two objects, we're checking is that relationship define consistently on both of those objects. So we could also do the same thing for the films, or the species, etc, and other information in this API, and make sure that the relationship between each of these and Luke is correctly defined. So now let's look at a little bit of a different example of checking for consistency. Let's do this request. We will change the URL here to just people okay, and we'll send that request. And what we get back here is a list of all the people in the system. Now we can see here the count says 87, so I would indicate there's 87 entries in the database for people. Let's try something interesting, let's try people slash 88 and see what happens. So we'll send that request, and interestingly we get something back. Now it looks like there's some inconsistency here, and if we were testing we'd certainly want to dig in a bit more and see what's going on. Maybe there's a missing person somewhere, a missing number somewhere in the database, maybe there's actually 88 and the bulk call to people is wrong? But if we were testing this we would dig in and try to find out what's going on, but this is an example of consistency. We expect that if it says there's 87 calls, that the URLs will resolve consistently. Now this API is an open API, so there's no authentication or hidden items, so we can't actually see this in action. But an important consideration in API testing is to make sure that hidden resources aren't accidentally revealed. So for example this API allows us to search for things. So sometimes using parameters like search can allow the wrong things to be revealed. So let's just look at a bit of an example here. We'll change this URL to use this funny little format, and we'll talk about this more later. But we'll say search equals hidden, so basically we're saying I want to search for the term hidden and see what happens. So if we send that request off we get back empty, so there's no search results for hidden, which is fine, this is just an example. But what if there was something called like hidden name or something like that, and it was supposed to be hidden behind some kind of authentication. If our search result didn't respect that authentication we might see it. So this is an example of the kinds of things we want to consider, are there different paths to get to the same data? And could it be problematic if we go through those different paths? There of course many other things that we could check as well. For example we could look at the intended structure of the data, and actually this API gives us a really nice way to do that. So we can look at people slash schema and send that request, and it shows us here the expected format of the data. So this is something that's really helpful if we wanted to check that each of the people in the system was correctly defined according to the schema. So other things we could check for is how the API handles bad requests, we could look at authentication, we could look at security, and performance, and the list goes on. But we won't get into specific examples of each of those at this time, I will touch on some of that stuff a little more later on in the course. So although we might think that all we're doing is getting some data back when we're testing a GET call. Hopefully this video helps to illustrate that there's a lot more to it, and helps to stimulate your thinking on some of the possibilities of the things that there are to check. As with most things in testing you're only limited by your imagination. So try those GET calls, think like an explorer and you might be surprised at what you can find out about your API. In the next video, we'll dig in a little more into GET calls and how to use parameters in them, so hope to see you there.
