Welcome to this video using parameters and API calls. Up until now we've talked about endpoints using GET calls, but in this video we're going to dive a bit deeper and look at how to use parameters inside of API calls. So Postman gives you a couple of ways of doing this, but let's kind of dive in and look at a real life example. So we'll pull up the documentation here for the SpaceX API. And you can see there's a number of different endpoints that are available to us here on the left. Well the one we'll take a look at is the launches API. So this is an endpoint that gives us information about the different launches that SpaceX has had, and is planning in the future. So I've already got this open for us in Postman here, you can see I've got the URL in here, it's a GET request and down here we can see that it gives us back quite a big list of information about the various launches that SpaceX has done over the years. So this gives us a big long list of all the launches that have been done. Now if we go back to the documentation, we can see down here that it has a number of optional query strings, and then down here as well it has a number of optional output control query strings. So these are what we can call parameters, query strings is a kind of parameter. So you can see here's the parameter flight ID, and then there's a sample of what it might look like. And a number of different parameters here. So let's take some simple ones, let's look at limit and we'll put that in. So we'll go over to Postman, and Postman has this params tab here in your setup that lets us quite easily create this. So we'll just create a key called limit, and if we go back to the documentation it takes in an integer, a sample of that is three. So let's put an integer in, let's say two. So we put that in and interestingly you can see something going on here. So as we've added this key in this value here the URL appears changed. So instead of just being slash launches, it now has this question mark limit equals two. And so that's how query string parameters are encoded, they're encoded in the URL itself. And Postman takes care of this for us. So as we create these parameters it automatically adds them to the URL for us, and we can see if we delete this here. So if we remove this query that parameter is gone from here as well. And so it nicely syncs this up, so we can type it right back in here if we want, so let's do limit equals two. And it has added it back down here for us as well. So Postman gives us this flexibility to do it either way, and helps us with setting this up. So let's take a look at another parameter, let's go back here, let's do this one, we'll do order and we'll give it a value of descending DSC. So let's put in our key order, and our value des see. Now we can see that Postman again has encoded this into the URL for us, very handy it's added the and here to concatenate these two queries together for us, and set that all up. So it's quite nice the way that Postman handles this. So the examples that we've looked at up until now our examples of query parameters, or query string parameters, but there are a few other kinds of parameters that can be used in an API as well. So if we go back to the documentation again, and we scroll down let's go look at this one here, get one launched. And you can see here in the URL it's got these squiggly brackets, and flight number. So this flight number is considered to be a parameter. So this gives us the launch info for one particular flight, given that flight number. And so you can see here that's the parameter, that's the sample. So this is another kind of parameter, and this is called a path parameter. Now there's also a type of parameter, that's called the header parameter we touched on those already in the authorization. And in Postman you can create headers here, quite similar to the query parameters but these don't get encoded in this, they get sent as a separate header thing on the request that gets sent to the server. So the primary way that you would use these typically is with authorization, although in Postman you're probably going to set up your on the authorization tab. And then there's another type of parameter that is known as a request body parameter, we don't usually use those with GET requests but we will dig into them a bit more when we get to POST and PUT requests. So that gives you a quick summary of how to use parameters in an API. And in the next video, we're going to get you set up for a testing challenge. So we'll set you up for a find the secret challenge, which is a challenge where we will find a secret that's hidden in the test API, hope to see you there.
